chore: add accounts creation for network monitor (#1276)
0xPolygonMiden/miden-node: bin/network-monitor/README.md

- **Interactive Elements**: Copy-to-clipboard functionality for genesis commitments, transaction IDs, and note IDs
- **Responsive Design**: Optimized for both desktop and mobile viewing

## Account Management

The monitor automatically manages Miden accounts for testing and monitoring purposes:

### Created Accounts

**Wallet Account:**
- Uses RpoFalcon512 authentication scheme
- Contains authentication keys for transaction signing
- Automatically created if not present

**Counter Program Account:**
- Implements a simple counter with increment functionality
- Includes authentication logic that restricts access to the wallet account
- Uses custom MASM script with account ID-based authorization
- Automatically created if not present

### Account File Management

The monitor automatically:
1. Checks for existing account files on startup
2. Creates new accounts if files don't exist
3. Deploys accounts to the network via RPC

> 4. Uses the specified file paths (default: `wallet_account.bin` and `counter_program.bin`)

Reviewer: nit: When using `AccountFile`, we've used the `.mac` suffix for files. Also, I'd mention that the files are saved in the paths:
```suggestion
4. Saves the wallet and counter contract account in the specified file paths (default: `wallet_account.mac` and `counter_program.mac`)
```
